I can't say how every time I ever put my arms around you I felt that I was home.
Since I left you, I have been constantly depressed. My happiness is to be near you. Incessantly I live over in my memory your caresses, your tears, your affectionate solicitude. The charms of the incomparable Josephine kindle continually a burning and a glowing flame in my heart. When, free from all solicitude, all harassing care, shall I be able to pass all my time with you, having only to love you, and to think only of the happiness of so saying, and of proving it to you?
Nothing compares to your hands, nothing like the green-gold of your eyes. My body is filled with you for days and days. You are the mirror of the night. The violent flash of lightning. The dampness of the earth. The hollow of your armpits is my shelter. My fingers touch your blood. All my joy is to feel life spring from your flower-fountain that mine keeps to fill all the paths of my nerves which are yours.
Dearest — my body is simply crazy with wanting you — If you don't come tomorrow — I don't see how I can wait for you — I wonder if your body wants mine the way mine wants yours — the kisses — the hotness — the wetness — all melting together — the being held so tight that it hurts — the strangle and the struggle.
Though still in bed, my thoughts go out to you, my Immortal Beloved, Be calm-love me-today-yesterday-what tearful longings for you-you-you-my life-my all-farewell. Oh continue to love me-never misjudge the most faithful heart of your beloved. Ever thine. Ever mine. Ever ours.
This should be a very easy letter to write — words should come easily and in short it should be simple for me to tell you how desperately happy I was to open the paper and see the announcement of our engagement, but somehow I can't possibly say all in a letter I should like to. I love you, precious, with all my heart and to know that you love me means my life. How often I have thought about the immeasurable joy that will be ours some day. How lucky our children will be to have a mother like you...
The important thing is I don't want to be without you for the next 20 years, or 40, or however many there are. I've gotten very used to being happy and I love you very much indeed.
Everyone is furious with me for going back to you, but they don't understand us. I feel that it is only with you that I can do anything at all. Do remake my ruined life for me, and then our friendship and love will have a different meaning to the world. I wish that when we met at Rouen we had not parted at all. There are such wide abysses now of space and land between us. But we love each other.
But if you please to do the office of a true loyal mistress and friend, and to give up yourself body and heart to me, who will be, and have been, your most loyal servant, (if your rigour does not forbid me) I promise you that not only the name shall be given you, but also that I will take you for my only mistress, casting off all others besides you out of my thoughts and affections, and serve you only. I beseech you to give an entire answer to this my rude letter, that I may know on what and how far I may depend. And if it does not please you to answer me in writing, appoint some place where I may have it by word of mouth, and I will go thither with all my heart. No more, for fear of tiring you.
But oh my dear, I can't be clever and stand-offish with you: I love you too much for that. Too truly. You have no idea how stand-offish I can be with people I don't love. I have brought it to a fine art. But you have broken down my defenses. And I don't really resent it.
You still fascinate and inspire me. You influence me for the better. You’re the object of my desire, the #1 Earthly reason for my existence.
Susie, forgive me Darling, for every word I say – my heart is full of you, none other than you is in my thoughts, yet when I seek to say to you something not for the world, words fail me. If you were here – and Oh that you were, my Susie, we need not take at all, our eyes would whisper for us, and your hand fast in mine.
Though still in bed, my thoughts go out to you, my Immortal Beloved, Be calm – love me – today –yesterday – what tearful longings for you – you – you – my life – my all–farewell. Oh continue to love me – never misjudge the most faithful heart of your beloved. Ever thine. Ever mine. Ever ours.
My love has made me selfish. I cannot exist without you – I am forgetful of every thing but seeing you again – my Life seems to stop there – I see no further. You have absorb’d me…I would be martyr’d for my Religion – Love is my religion – I could die for that – I could die for you.
My Own Boy, Your sonnet is quite lovely, and it is a marvel that those red-rose leaf lips of yours should be made no less for the madness of music and song than for the madness of kissing. Your slim gilt soul walks between passion and poetry.
Darling – I love these velvet nights. I’ve never been able to decide … whether I love you most in the eternal classic half-lights where it blends with day or in the full religious fan-fare of mid-night or perhaps in the lux of noon. Anyway, I love you most and you ’phoned me just because you phoned me tonight – I walked on those telephone wires for two hours after holding your love like a parasol to balance me.
But oh my dear, I can’t be clever and stand-offish with you: I love you too much for that. Too truly. You have no idea how stand-offish I can be with people I don’t love. I have brought it to a fine art. But you have broken down my defenses. And I don’t really resent it.
The charms of the incomparable Josephine kindle continually a burning and a glowing flame in my heart…. I thought that I loved you months ago, but since my separation from you I feel that I love you a thousand fold more. Each day since I knew you, have I adored you more and more.
If only I were a clever woman, I could describe to you my gorgeous bird, how you unite in yourself the beauties of form, plumage, and song! I would tell you that you are the greatest marvel of all ages, and I should only be speaking the simple truth…You are not only the solar spectrum with the seven luminous colors, but the sun himself, that illumines, warms, and revivifies! This is what you are, and I am the lowly woman that adores you.
I ask you for violence, in the nonsense, and you, you give me grace, your light and your warmth. I’d like to paint you, but there are no colors, because there are so many, in my confusion, the tangible form of my great love.
True love doesn't just fill your heart, it overflows into your whole body and soul.
Destiny decides who you meet in your life but it's your heart that decides who gets to stay in your life.
I love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that I feel when I'm near you.
I'll never know if it is truly possible for me to stop thinking about you because I'll never try.
I love the way we can just look at each other and know that we love each other with out even saying a word.
Greatest love story that was ever told, could be me and you, you just never know.
I have loved you all my life, it has just taken me this long to find you.
To hear your voice, to see your eyes, to taste your lips, to feel your touch, to say I love you when our hearts collide. If I can't, I'll still love you just as much.
True love comes once in a lifetime ... open your eyes and your heart and see the miracle in front of you.
No matter how big the world is, if we are meant to be together, love will lead us to be together.
You are the Essence of the Essence, The intoxication of Love. I long to sing Your Praises but stand mute with the agony of wishing in my heart!
From the beginning of my life I have been looking for your face but today I have seen it. Today I have seen the charm, the beauty, the unfathomable grace of the face that I was looking for
Today I have found you and those who laughed and scorned me yesterday are sorry that they were not looking as I did
I am bewildered by the magnificence of your beauty and wish to see you with a hundred eyes
My heart has burned with passion and has searched forever for this wondrous beauty that I now behold
I am ashamed to call this love human and afraid of God to call it divine
Your fragrant breath like the morning breeze has come to the stillness of the garden
You have breathed new life into me
I have become your sunshine and also your shadow
My soul is screaming in ecstasy
Every fiber of my being is in love with you
Your effulgence has lit a fire in my heart and you have made radiant for me the earth and sky
My arrow of love has arrived at the target I am in the house of mercy and my heart is a place of prayer
I desire you more than food and drink
My body my senses my mind hunger for your taste
I can sense your presence in my heart although you belong to all the world
Raise your words not your voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.
In the silence of love, you will find the spark of life.
I wait with silent passion for one gesture, one glance from you.
My Beloved. Know that my beloved in hidden from everyone.
Know that she is beyond the belief of all beliefs.
Know that in my heart she is as clear as the moon.
Know that she is the life in my body and in my soul.
My wails of sorrow are tormenting my soul.
If I love myself I love you.
If I love you I love myself.
Dear Jodi, Sitting here and thinking back as to how you have made my life so much better, I could never begin to tell you what your love means to me. You have shown me countless times how you care and how you believe in me, how you have given me the strength to give up something that has had a hold of my life for a very long time, without you I don't think I could be following my dreams, much less having someone like you standing beside me. I know I tell you all the time how amazing you are, and Jodi, you ARE! You're an incredible woman; there is nothing I believe you can't do. The way you make me feel is like nothing I've ever felt before. I know I'm a very impatient person and I'm trying like hell to do the right thing, but the more time I spend with you and the more time we talk and do things together makes me realize that this is our life's plan, this is how our path of forever is suppose to happen, and sometimes I know it's hard for us to deal with but in the end, we'll be stronger and able to handle just about anything that comes our way ... we got thru the hard part, Babe, now all we have is the downhill side. You have brought out a part in me that I put away a long time ago and thought I'd never be able to find again. You make everything so simple and easy for me to let go and with you in my life I don't need to hide that part of me anymore. What you make me feel for you is nothing short of the ultimate happiness. You are in my thoughts, my dreams, my desires, but most of all my heart!  You are my babygirl, my sweetheart, my Jodi, and most of all my future wife! I love you now and always, today, tomorrow, and forever! Love always, Jake
Dear Daniel, Baby, from the moment I met you, I knew you were someone special. I knew by the way you looked at me, talked to me and was there for me. I was afraid to love again... afraid of the pain it might bring. But in a short time, you showed me that real love wasn't painful or deceiving. You showed me that I deserved to be loved and happy. You gave new meaning to my life and I could never thank you enough for that! You truly are a Godsend to me! So, for all you've done for me... I promise to always be here for you, to cherish you and to love you whole-heartedly. I promise to be a loyal and loving wife for all the rest of my days. I promise to love you always!!  Love always, Your Karen
Dear Dave, I think it is crazy how I never thought that I would wake up one morning and have fallen in love. Every day I look at you and every day I think of you and it makes me happier and happier knowing that I can spend the rest of my life with you. I know I will never have to worry about losing you because I know that you will never leave me. I know it when I look in your eyes. I love you, baby Muah.  Love always, CandyCane
Dear Sarah, Hi, Baby, you're always lighting up my heart with the things you do and say. I feel so happy just being with you this way. You're my baby, and will forever be my baby. You will always be the love of my life, and please never give up, always have faith in yourself and you will gain the greatest gift of all, the gift of hope and love you righteously deserve. Every time I think of you my heart misses a beat. You're my theme for a dream! Every moment we share together we grow closer. I'm simply hanging by a moment, waiting to see you again so you can hold me so tight that all else fades; I thought after you left you would fade away from my mind, but still everyday I wake up dreaming of our time together. I will never forget you. I hope you still think of me too. I love you with all that I am, all that I was and all that I will ever be. Please know that my love and I are inseparable and I would want it no other way and if time could express my love for you then it's forever and a day. I can't wait to be with you, see your smile, look in your eyes, feel your sweet touch, hear your perfect words and kiss your perfect lips. The way I feel about you some people call it crazy, some call it insane, but I call it true love. I really love you, Baby Bear. Love always, Amine
Dear Ben, I love you with all my heart! I will never forget all of the good times we have had together and I will definitely never forget you and the way you have changed me. I have never felt this way about any other guy I've met; you have made me the happiest girl in the world! When I am with you, time just rushes by and I can't even begin to explain how you make me feel, but it's the best feeling in the world. I swear every time I hear your name my heart just skips a beat! You are the most wonderful guy ever. You have absolutely no idea how much I really love you but trust me, it's more than you will ever know. I hope we last forever and thanks for everything you do, Babe. I love you always and forever. Love always, Your Baby
True love is not how you forgive, but how you forget, not what you see but what you feel, not how you listen but how you understand, and not how you let go but how you hold on.
You are my soul mate, my sweetheart, you are my dream come true, from now until the end of time I give my heart and soul to you.
True love is not about the hugs and kisses, the 'I love you's' or the 'I miss you's', but about the chills that hit every part of your spine when you think about him.
It's not who you are to the world, it's who you are to me. It's not how many times I say I love you... it's how much I really do.
When we love, it isn't because the person's perfect, it's because we learn to see an imperfect person perfectly.
I love you because you bring out the best in me, and holding on to that thought, I sincerely believe that just by being with you shall bring out the best life I ever could live.
You know you truly love somebody when they hurt you so badly, but all you can think about it is the times when they made you smile.
You may hold my hand for a while, but you hold my heart forever.
A priceless moment is when the person that you have fallen in love with, looks you right in the eyes to tell you that they have fallen in love with you.
Last night I looked up at the stars and matched each one with a reason why I love you. I was doing great until I ran out of stars.
If you're asking if I need you the answer is forever. If you're asking if I'll leave you the answer is never. If you're asking what I vaLue the answer is you. If you're asking if I love you the answer is I do...
True Love is loving that someone one even with their worst faults and flaws. Forgiving and forgetting their wrong doings, enduring and being kind always trusting and not easily angered, always trusting and hoping and never failing.
There may be many flowers in a man's life, but there is only one rose.
True love is not being with someone because you think you can be happy with that person, but because without that person you know you can never be.
I never knew what love was until I met you, then when distance pulled us apart, I found out what true love is.
Never leave the one you LOVE for the ONE you LIKE because the one you LIKE will one day LEAVE you for the one they LOVE!!
True love is like a teardrop in a rainstorm; you're lucky enough to find it once, but you will never find it again.
Every day that passes by, every one of them I have my mind occupied by thoghts of you and me. all the nice things wonderful moments all spent with you I keep them burried in my heart, burried in my soul where they will never be set free.happyness you cause to my heart to my soul to my life. just remember that every day that passes by, every one of them I have mi mind occupied by you and me !I LOVE YOU! Gilbert santillan
True love isn't without problem, it has many obstacles, true love is working through all of them and coming out happy with that someone on the otherside.
You will know that you love someone when you want him to be happy. Even if that means you're not a part of their happiness.
If you love me, let me know. If not, please gently let me go.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
There is only one happiness in life - to love and to be loved.
Love seems the swiftest, but it is the slowest of all growths. No man or woman really knows what perfect love is until they have been married a quarter of a century.
Women are made to be loved, not understood.
Men always want to be a woman's first love and women like to be a man's last romance.
I love thee with the breath, Smiles, tears, of all my life! - and, if God choose, I shall but love thee better after death.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain.
Where there is love there is life.
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.
Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination.
Love is the irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
Love is blind.
Love is a better teacher than duty.
Love is a spirit of all compact of fire.
Accept, dear Sarah, this sincere token,
You'll find a love I've never spoken.
Your grace so pure, your face so sweet;
My heart has forgotten its steady beat.
A smile, a wave; I'm completely taken,
My core is left profoundly shaken.
My love for you is absolute and true.
I love your eyes, your smile... All of you.
I want your love, I want you near.
My fidelity is steadfast, never fear.
I know I'm not perfect, I can't deny.
To you, however, I'll never lie.
I'll worship you, my fair Goddess.
You have my heart and soul, no less.
I'm lost for words now, can't write another line. So I'll just say: Please, Sarah, be my valentine?
She walks in beauty, like the night of cloudless climes and starry skies.
And all that’s best of dark and bright meet in her aspect and her eyes.
Thus mellowed to that tender light which heaven to gaudy day denies.
I carry your heart with me. I carry it in my heart. I am never without it.
Anywhere I go you go, my dear.
Whatever is done by only me is your doing, my darling.
I loved you first: but afterwards your love outsoaring mine, sang such a loftier song as drowned the friendly cooings of my dove.
Which owes the other most? 
My love was long, and yours one moment seemed to wax more strong.
I loved and guessed at you, you construed me and loved me for what might or might not be.
Nay, weights and measures do us both a wrong.
For verily love knows not mine or thine.
With separate I and thou free love has done.
For one is both and both are one in love.
Rich love knows nought of thine that is not mine.
Both have the strength and both the length thereof, both of us, of the love which makes us one.
Not a red rose or a satin heart.
I give you an onion.
It is a moon wrapped in brown paper.
It promises light like the careful undressing of love.
It will blind you with tears like a lover.
It will make your reflection a wobbling photo of grief.
A glimpse through an interstice caught, of a crowd of workmen and drivers in a bar-room around the stove late of a winter night, and I unremarked seated in a corner.
Of a youth who loves me and whom I love, silently approaching and seating himself near, that he may hold me by the hand.
A long while amid the noises of coming and going, of drinking and oath and smutty jest, there we two, content, happy in being together, speaking little, perhaps not a word.
Let me be your electric meter I will not run out.
Let me be the electric heater you get cold without.
Today we are obliged to be romantic and think of yet another valentine.
We know the rules and we are both pedantic: 
Today’s the day we have to be romantic.
Our love is old and sure, not new and frantic.
You know I’m yours and I know you are mine.
And saying that has made me feel romantic, my dearest love, my darling valentine.
Let me not to the marriage of true minds admit impediments. 
Love is not love which alters when it alteration finds, or bends with the remover to remove:
O no! it is an ever-fixed mark that looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wandering bark, whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks within his bending sickle's compass come:
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, but bears it out even to the edge of doom.
If this be error and upon me proved, I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
I wonder, by my troth, what thou and I
Did, till we loved? Were we not weaned till then?
But sucked on country pleasures, childishly?
Or snorted we in the Seven Sleepers’ den?
’Twas so; but this, all pleasures fancies be.
If ever any beauty I did see,
Which I desired, and got, ’twas but a dream of thee.
And now good-morrow to our waking souls,
Which watch not one another out of fear;
For love, all love of other sights controls,
And makes one little room an everywhere.
Let sea-discoverers to new worlds have gone,
Let maps to other, worlds on worlds have shown,
Let us possess one world, each hath one, and is one.
My face in thine eye, thine in mine appears,
And true plain hearts do in the faces rest;
Where can we find two better hemispheres,
Without sharp north, without declining west?
Whatever dies, was not mixed equally;
If our two loves be one, or, thou and I
Love so alike, that none do slacken, none can die.
Take down the love letters from the bookshelf, the photographs, the desperate notes, peel your own image from the mirror.
Sit. Feast on your life.
Forever and Ever
Dear Jerry,
I want to start off by telling you how madly, truly and deeply I am in love with you. I love you so very much, with all my heart and soul, always, forever and ever! Having you in my life is truly a blessing. You bring so much happiness into my life and so much love into my heart! I do not know if I tell you this enough but I want you to know it each and every day. And with every moment, my love for you grows stronger and deeper.
Honey, I never knew I would be this happy. But you know what... it is the greatest feeling in the world to be content and might I say, I am very, very content with you and only you. No one else can make me feel the way you make me feel. Your caress, your kiss, your touch, your words, your understanding ways, your everything means the world to me and it can not and will not be replaced.
Sometimes I truly feel like I get on your last nerve but despite it all, we are still together. And that is what is most important. And we will always be together because we will always have this amazing love for each other. I promise that to you. We have been through the good and the bad but the good times definitely makes up for the bad times. And I know I am speaking for both of us when I say that. So babe, let's make some real good times and enjoy each and every moment we have together.
And from what I said, I truly know that you are my one and only, my partner for life, my best friend, my lover, my soulmate, and I will love you forever and ever! 
Love always, Jamie
My Dearest, life can be cruel but when it all comes together there is no moment as sweet. That is how I feel about you entering my life. You have rekindled the flame called love in me. You have given one more reason to look forward to tomorrow. Now, you are a significant part of my life and I look forward to the day when we can make it permanent. I love you so much. I love you for your kindness, for your caring and giving nature, for your beauty - both inner and outer, and most of all I love you because you are you. The fact that you show me who you really are and not what you think I may want. Sweetie, let this letter be a testament to my true feelings for you. The whole world can see and know how I feel for you. I love you. 
Eternally, your Ian
There is nothing I would rather do, than spend all of my time making a queen out of you,
You deserve a crown, a scepter and a throne, your beauty so breathtaking, my love is for you alone.
I love your smile, I love your kiss, each and every day I reminisce, you are my life you are my world, never did I imagine such an amazing girl. (One of my personal favorite short love poems for my wife)
You’ll be forever in my heart, no one else will do, I’ll never let you go, because I love you.
How is it that you are real? My dreams never created something like you. I still have to pinch myself, because I’m amazed you are true.
I thank God for you, for you my dreams came true, I am lucky to have married you, even if you ask me everyday I’ll always say I do.
You make my heart beat fast, my knees quiver, you are the sexiest woman I know. Loving you is so amazing, I need your touch, I will never let you go.
Every day I love you more, you will be forever what I adore, you are my joy, my treasure, my heart, today, tomorrow, forever we will never be apart. (one of the best forever love poems for her!)
I see the butterflies’ colors, listen to the birds sing, rainbows across the sky, all remind me that you’re my everything.
Why is it that my heart still skips a beat, every time I feel your touch? How is it that someone so wonderful, let’s me love them oh so very much?
You are the apple of my eye, the star in my sky, you take my breath away, for you my darling I will always stay.
Your lips are so soft and red, kissing you deeply is all that’s in my head.
Your face so bright and warm, guiding me through the darkest storm.
Your eyes twinkle like stars in the night, when you stare at me my soul takes flight.
My love for you is pure and true, a feeling which I never before knew.
I promise to be there and love you for forever and when others leave you, I will never.
I am your here to shield you from harm, I promise to always be your lucky charm.
There is only one thing I know for sure, my love for you forever is pure.
Stunning and beautiful not a flower nor a tree,
More breathtaking than those and only I can see,
My heart beats your name right down to the core,
Filling me with such joy and so much more,
Your eyes so amazing, I just can’t look away,
They’re gorgeous and shining throughout all the day,
Here in my arms is where you belong,
Our two hearts beating to the same song.
 When I am without you, the sun seems so dim.
When I am without you, the clouds always follow me.
When I am without you, the birds seem to sing sadly.
When I am without you, the plants seem to cry.
When I am without you, it is your face I imagine.
Yet, when I am with you, the sun bursts through the clouds.
When I am with you, the birds dance and sing sweetly.
When I am with you, I know I can move mountains.
When I am with you, your face warms my soul.
When I am with you, everything falls into place.
When I am with you, I remember why I fell in love with you
It was many years ago that a beauty was born
That the world paused to celebrate,
This fair lady was unique and beloved by all
And even the angels wished to know her fate.
And then when the beauty was grown and so fair
Everyone began to show off and court her,
Men would dance, sing and show off their might
In the hopes that they could get to hold her tight.
Yet one man was lucky, so fortunate so blessed,
That she chose him as better than all the rest,
He still can’t believe that this angel is his girl
That man is me, you are the angel, my world.
For so long I had searched, looking for love that’s true. And then one day my soul saw you and said, “Oh, there you are, I’ve been looking all over for you.”
It amazes me how people can just pass by you, and not realize that they just missed an opportunity, for them to know the most beautiful and amazing woman in the world, but then I sigh and smile deep within, thanking the universe for showing me you, the most stunning being in my universe.
Sometimes I’m sad and life gets me down, but I always know I can turn that around, by closing my eyes and picturing you, the source of my joy, my angel, I thank you.
You are to me, like coffee in the morning, a warm shower in the winter, a deep breath in times of fear. How is it that whenever I need you, at the right moment, in just the right way, you draw near?
You are the sunshine of my life, you are the sun that shines so bright, and when the moon is full in the sky, at night I hold you so tight.
Without you I am incomplete, never have I missed someone so, my arms long to hold you tight, and I’ll never let you go. Your face, your lips, your soul, your heart, please promise me we’ll never again be apart. For without you, I am but a shell, you are my heaven and without you is hell.
I loved you for a million years, I’ll love you a million more, from this day on I promise you, you’re all that I adore.
I have been blessed, I live only for your happiness, for you my love, I will give you my last breath.
Please take my hand, please take my heart, I wanna live my life with you, I just can’t wait to start.
My dreams came true because of you. We will never be apart, I give you all my heart. You make me want to be a better man, for you to be happy, I’ll do whatever I can.
Your cuteness knows no bounds, your beauty has no limit, you are the only woman in the world, to which I will commit. I look at you and gasp in awe, wondering how you’re mine, you take my breath away my dear, for you, I’ll walk the line.
My angel, my life, my entire world, please be with me always, my one and only girl. I love you so deeply, that I know is so true, for there is no one else, my heart beats just for you. No matter what happens, you’re always the one, that I want to come home to, I’m the Earth to your sun.
From the moment we met,
I never had a doubt,
That you were my everything,
That you were a knock-out.
I still wonder how it happened,
That you somehow fell for me,
A simple little nothing guy,
Got such an angel to marry!
After so many years,
Through so many joys and fears,
Our love only shines brighter,
And we hold each other tighter.
Nobody knows like we do,
How deep our love grew,
And it is only you and me,
Together through this life’s journey.
When I look into your eyes, I know there is a bond between us that no one can break, the look you give me with those eyes when you think I'm not looking is all I need to know that you're the one for me. When I look in your eyes, I see the love that abides deep within your soul; they tell me you love me in so many ways than just one. When two people love each other, they don't look at each other; they look in the same direction.  Love forever.
I couldn’t ask for a better girl,
To be the center of my world,
I just thank you for holding my hand,
And making my life a dreamland.
Dear Joey,
There are no words that I can speak, no song that I can sing, and no gesture that I can show, to prove my love for you, for the love I have for you has no definition. How can I describe the sheer joy I feel with the very thought of you? How simply hearing your voice causes my heart to beat faster, my pulse to race and my smile to widen. How can just one person give me so much hope for a future I have always dreamed of? You have opened my heart and awakened my soul. You are my one and only true love. That is how I know that our love is everlasting.  Love always.
They walked in silence through the parking lot. When they got to his car, he hugged her, holding her tightly against him, an embrace still on the right side of propriety, one that could still be considered friendly, but only just. When they broke apart, her face was flushed, her eyes shining. 
I hope it won't be another three years before we see each other again.
Instead of answering, Rachel reached for him, putting her small, warm hand on the back of his neck, lifting her lips to his. They kissed, first lightly, then more urgently, his tongue in her mouth, her hips tilted against his, her breasts against his chest, her whole body sending a message that was undeniable. "Want to come up?" he asked. She'd left her bags in his apartment, with the understanding that they'd pick them up after dinner and he'd take her to the hotel she'd booked. More than once, when they'd been talking, he'd offered her his bed, saying he'd sleep on the couch, and Rachel had turned him down, politely but firmly.
Without a word, she climbed into the passenger seat, smiling at him, saying, "Yes."
As soon as his front door was shut they started kissing again. Her tongue fluttered against his, and his hands were deep in the softness of her hair, and it was like time unspooled, carrying them right back to when they were teenagers. He pulled her against him, thinking that he'd never get her close enough, that if he could fold her inside of him, like a mother tucking a baby into her coat, he'd do it. He'd keep her warm, he'd keep her safe, he'd keep her with him, always.
Taking her hand, Andy led her to his bedroom, which looked like every room he'd ever lived in — a bed, a dresser, the posters on the wall. She nibbled at his chin, his ear, touching his face with her fingertips, sighing, whispering, "You feel so good." Once, she pushed him back, propped herself onto her elbows, and asked, "How long has it been?"
Andy knew what she was asking, and it wasn't how long it had been since he'd seen her. He thought back to his last romance, if you could even call it that, ten minutes of undignified fumbling in the bathroom of a bar downtown. "It's been a little while," he said. That girl — God, he wasn't even sure what her name was — had scribbled her phone number on his hand in eyeliner, if he remembered right, after neither one of them could find paper or a pen. The next week, when they'd met for drinks, Andy realized that they had absolutely nothing to say to each other and that, when he didn't have four beers inside him, she looked like an eel, with a narrow body and a big, horsey mouth.
Not many of the runners had serious girlfriends. Hookups were more common, a night or a weekend with another athlete who understood the deal, or a woman who'd attach herself to you at a meet, or in a bar. Andy remembered the time he'd spent with a television reporter who'd been covering the Olympic trials in Atlanta. She'd worn a girdle and had gotten annoyed when he'd laughed. "It's a foundation garment," she'd said, her pretty face looking less pretty when she scowled. After they'd finished, he'd been starving, but all she had in the refrigerator of her chrome-and-stainless-steel loft was seltzer and a jar of pickles.
Not Rachel, he realized, now that he had Rachel in his arms again, her lush curves and her soft skin, her beautiful hair, her beautiful scar. That was the problem with the reporter. That was the problem with all of them. None of them were Rachel.
He felt her slip down the bed. She unfastened his pants, eased his briefs over his hips, and brushed the length of his cock with her palm before taking him in her mouth. He sighed, eyes shut, thinking about how unbelievably good it felt, when Rachel gave a throaty moan, then rolled her mouth from base to tip and whispered, "Look at me."
He looked and saw that she had her eyes open, locked on his, as she opened her mouth, hollowed her cheeks, and slid all the way down. He wondered if some other guy had asked for that — I want you to look at me when you do it — or if she'd seen it in a movie, or read it in some magazine. Ten Secrets to Turn Your Guy On. Rachel's expression went from ardor to confusion as she felt him start to soften.
"Shh," he said, pulling her up so they were face-to-face again. He slid his hands between her legs, positioning fingers and thumb the way she'd taught him. Except that wasn't right. She hadn't taught him. They'd figured it out together, how to make her come. He nuzzled against her, his lips on her neck, nibbling and kissing his way up to her earlobe, where she'd always been ticklish. "Ooh," she whispered. "Ooh! Oh, oh, oh," she sighed, as he worked his fingers against the slick seam . . . and then she forgot to pose, forgot about trying to look good, and lost herself inside her own pleasure. Andy watched her squeeze her eyes shut as she clamped her thighs against his wrist and snapped her hips up, once, twice, three times before she froze, all the muscles in her thighs and belly and bottom tense and quivering, and he felt her contract against his fingers.
Before she could recover, he'd rolled her onto her back and slipped inside her. After the first thrust he had to hold still, knowing that if he kept moving, if he gave himself up to the exquisite tightness, the heat, he would explode. He wanted her to come at least once more, with him, and he didn't want her to tease him, the way she sometimes used to if they hadn't seen each other in a while and he finished before she'd had a chance to get started.
"It's not a race," she would say. "You're not trying to beat your personal record here." He'd always taken care of her . . . or, sometimes, when he was sleepy, he would just curl around her, holding her close, with his fingers inside her and her fingers working at her clitoris, and they'd taken care of her together.
But he wanted it to be good that night. He wanted everything to be perfect.
He reached down and stroked her cheek, then her hair. "Oh, God," she whispered, swiveling her hips in a way he knew would send him right over the edge. "Oh, wait. Do you have a condom?" she whispered.
Andy opened his nightstand drawer and ripped open a Trojan. Rachel watched, frowning. "Tell me they sell those as singles," she said.
He kissed her, pleased that she was jealous, thinking that he'd tell her anything she wanted to hear, and, finally, he slipped inside her again. She gasped and shut her eyes, and then neither of them spoke. She had one hand on his shoulder, the other slowly stroking his back, from the nape of his neck to the base of his spine.
"You feel so good," she whispered . . . and then Andy couldn't hold back any longer. He plunged inside her, deep into that maddening clutch, that heat. Rachel moaned, her hands locked onto his shoulders, her breath against his face, her voice in his ear, urging him on.
"Oh, baby," he gasped as she put her lips against his ear, whispering his name over and over, like a chant, or a song, or a prayer.
If there was going to be awkwardness, it would come when they'd finished; when they looked down and saw that he was still wearing his socks and she still had her panties hooked around one ankle. There would be the condom to dispose of, the strangeness of a woman in his bed for the first time in months, and Rachel would surely have something to say about his decorating skills, how his bedroom was as austere and empty as a cheap hotel room, with no bookshelves, no dining-room table, since college on the walls. But as soon as they were done, Rachel rolled into his arms, curling herself against his chest, and said, "I missed you!" in the friendly, happily surprised voice of a woman who'd bumped into an old best friend at the grocery store. With her hands balled into fists, she punched lightly at his chest, like it was his fault they'd been apart.
"I missed you, too," Andy said. He'd been smiling for so long he was sure that his face would ache in the morning. "I feel like . . ."
"What?" she asked. "How do you feel?" He remembered how she'd always been interrogating him, quizzing him about his emotions, pushing him to give her more than just a "fine" or  "happy" or "tired."
"Like nothing's changed," he said. "Like you went out to get bagels or something, and now you're home."
"Now I'm home," she said.