It's been over a year and somehow we made it. No matter how much I screwed up, you were determined to keep our love alive. I'll never be able to thank you enough for that. You are the reason I live, breathe, love and laugh. You mean everything to me.
Sometimes you ask me why I love you and I don't answer. I know you must believe that it is because I don't love you, or I can't think of a reason, but it's just that when you ask me I don't know where to start. Our love was meant to be. There's no arguing with fate. 
Some of the most superb feelings and tingling emotions come from what love an Angel, such as yourself, and I make. Our world, as we have come to see it, has no bearing and an infinite boundary when we are locked lips to lips. No one person can sever that bond of nothing but pure affection and intimate passion. We are the Angels of Our Heaven and with merely our names to live with. A name, which consists of nothing more than symbols of a language taken for granted. I would soon rather speak nothing. A true test of love of which we have accomplished merely by the elucidation in our eyes.
Earth moves with such apathy that only Our Heaven can keep the pace of our devotion for one another. As slow as the heart beat of a goliath at rest. Why would the world seem so passive? I believe it is a chance for us to make our own time to spend together. It is love. It is what binds the thoughts of all beings trying to understand it. It appears that you and I have fallen into love, without having looked for it. This is Heaven and we are the Angels of Our Name.
I was on my way to bed and wanted to write you a little note. Thank you so much for having so much faith in me and in us as a couple. Thank you for making me a better person, and for giving your heart to me and opening up so much.
Over the last 6 months, it's been wonderful; I never expected to feel this way nor actually be with you in this way, experiencing life with you. You are wonderful ... to me, to my friends, to my family. You make me really happy and even though we are apart so much of the time, it's made up each time I see you again. The feeling that I get is overwhelming every time that I do get to see you for the first time in such a long time and as time goes by my feelings for you grow dramatically.
I was thinking so much about that earlier tonight, when I am going to meet you at the airport. I am getting butterflies in my stomach just at the thought of seeing you again. You make everything complete and I can't imagine spending time with someone else and having these feelings for anyone else. I'm anxious to see you again Jamie. Time is ticking, and it's going by really slow.
It takes a strong man to accomplish everything that you have in your life, I am proud of you that you stick to your goals, you have improved your life so much from what it was before and I am so happy that you respect my beliefs as I respect yours. You say that you are going to make me a happy woman ... well, you have already done that, just by being you and showing me love and being so open with your feelings. You are what I dreamed of when I was a little girl, someone with integrity, honesty, love, affection, handsome, and with such a charming personality. I never thought I would find you, but here you are.
I love you so much, and can't wait to be with you again. I want to give you my heart and soul. I don't care about anything else in the world because I am in love with you, James. I love you. Thank you Jamie, for you have made all of my dreams come true. I could not ask for more. I am the luckiest girl in the world to be called your girlfriend, I'm truly honored. Thank you.
Hey Beautiful, I just wanted to do something simple to say I love you and to put that smile I love so much back on your face. I want everyone to know how much you mean to me. Ever since you have entered my life, I've been flying on Cloud 9 and I have not come down yet.
I tell you this everyday, but you are the most beautiful person I know, inside and out and I see that more clearly with each passing day. I love everything about you, about us. You do something to me that no other has, you have made me so happy, the happiest I've ever been. You give me the most amazing feelings inside, the feeling of being in love with you.
I still don't know what I did to be so lucky to have you in my life, my dream come true... I am so thankful though. In this short time that we've been together, we have grown so much and I can't wait to see what the future holds for us. I love you, Jennifer, with all my heart and soul, always and forever!
I was sleeping, my hand was searching for you, but you were not there. I turned my head, I opened my eyes slightly and saw you fixing your new toy, the computer. I just smiled. It would be so typical of me to do. I didn't know that you saw me blinking, getting glimpses of you. I turned my head to the other side and slightly fell right back to sleep. Within minutes, I felt you beside me wearing your robe. I cuddled right into you, like two spoons against eachother. This may just be memories, but I still wake up at times thinking of that morning smile when you read my mind.
It's the middle of the day and I was thinking about you, as usual. I want you to know how much I sincerely love the countless hours we spend talking. It means so much to me. It truly seems like I've known you forever and I honestly can't imagine life without you now. There will be no looking back, no second thoughts and no regrets. I love you and only you ... and that love will only grow stronger. Sometimes life hits you with unexpected things that take you totally by surprise. All I can say is you're the best surprise life has given me and your capacity for love, caring, and understanding never ceases to amaze me. I've truly been blessed by finding you and I'll never let you go.
How was I to know that you were watching me sleep? I awoke to see you laying there and just then, you smiled and said hi and that just melted me. I wish with all of my heart that I could wake to your beautiful eyes for the rest of my life.
I hated to leave but as I have told you, I left a big part of me with you. It is yours now so, take care and tread lightly. I wish that I could be with you now as you face so many struggles, but know that I am there in spirit and am praying for everything to work out for you. No matter where this life takes us, together or not, know that you and your girls will always be in my heart and my favorite. 
It's the end of the day and I was thinking about you, as usual. I want you to know how much I sincerely love the times we've spent talking. It means so much to me. It truly seems like I've known you forever and I honestly can't imagine life without you now. There will be no looking back, no second thoughts and no regrets. I want you and need only you ... and that love will only grow stronger. Do not be scared my love. Sometimes life hits you with unexpected things that take you totally by surprise. All I can say is you're the best surprise life has given me and your capacity for love, caring, and understanding never ceases to amaze me. I've truly been blessed by finding you and I'll never let you go even if I have to bring you back to Florida myself!
This is my way of showing you how much I truly care for you. I can't really find the words to explain the way I feel when I hear your voice or when I see your face... all I can say is that I like the feeling that I feel.
I've been thinking about you.
And i know i don't say it often enough,
but I appreciate all you do.
I've never known anyone as giving as you.
you always go that extra mile
to inspire and encourage me.
You make me want to try harder;
You make me want to succeed.
You've made me believe in me.
For this and so much more,
I'm sending good wishes to your door.
Nothing travels more swiftly in my mind, other than those moments I shared with you in my life.Maybe you remember it or not,it will be with me in my heart and soul.
So I sit and wonder why, why I couldn't have just told you the truth about how i really felt. The feelings i've kept inside for so very long. It's just so hard to let them just come free. But deep down i know that telling you is the right way to go. So as you read this i hope you get a hint of how i've really felt after all these years of my feelings so deep down i think now its just time. Time to let them come out. And i'm hoping you'll get where i'm coming from with all this. And i am sorry it took so long. But now the feelings are out so please let me know how you really felt.
We met through work and in the beginning you were just someone I worked with. Months passed and all of a sudden my view towards you changed and I started to think about you all the time. Our circumstances inhibit us to be together but I can't stop obsessing over you. I've never felt like this before and I don't know what to do. I think I need to forget you but I see you everyday so it is impossible. I guess this is a letter recognizing my deep love for you but at the same time letting you go because it will never be. I love you with all my heart and I hope one day I have the courage to tell you.
I know we are so far apart, and that is has been months since the last time we were together. You would think that I have gotten better at not missing you as much. I can't explain how all this distance and time apart has made my love for you grow.
The last night that we were together, I wanted it to happen because I wanted to free myself of you since the next day I was to leave. I took it really easy when we went out to eat. I had a great time talking to you and laughing when we spoke of our past times together. The day passed me by and the control I had just vanished slowly. When the night came and we found each other quiet in your car I wanted to die because I realized that I still loved you so much, that I did not want to go home. I wished over and over in my head that we hadn't let that month pass by without us talking about the past problem. I couldn't believe how you said you also wanted to see me at the time, but we were just too proud to call each other, and now I was leaving the next day. Yes, I broke into tears and cried in your arms after we just gave into our love for each other and broke away our pride and kissed. You cried with me, and those tears still remain saved in my heart. Though now they kill me every day, because I'm not near you. We made love that night, which just made matters worse, I couldn't say goodbye ... I was just forced to.
I don't think anyone understands the burden I carry in my heart day by day ... until I am once again with you. I am hopelessly in love with you, devoted to being with you. May God reunite us very soon. I am very hopeful that God will lead me to you once again. My first true love, I hope you feel the same, because it would be so much worse if I was lost in this feeling alone, without you to share it with and to share the thought of us being together again. I am sorry for all the bad moments and want to make up for all our time apart. I love you, Paul. 
I do swear that I'll always be there. I'd give anything and everything and I will always care. Through weakness and strength, happiness and sorrow, for better or worse, I will love you with every beat of my heart! You are the love of my life and I am glad that I picked you to fall in love with.

When we first met and I told you that you never had a chance, well, look what happened. I am so happy that we have made it to six months and I know that there are many more to come.

I remember the first time I met your mother I thought, 'Great, she is not a talker,' and then the two-hour talk we had was like, 'Wow, and oh my god!' I thought I was going to die because the stuff coming out of her mouth was crazy.

I about cried when you told me that I was/am the best thing that has ever happened to you. I know that is true because I am your everything and I'm the only thing you care about.

We have helped each other grow so very much. Like when I got my job you got all disappointed because you had been searching longer than me, but what do you know, you got a job! The first time we fought I felt so bad that is was my fault but now we make sure that no one or anything gets in our way.
I am so glad that you are not the kind of guy that would cheat on me and you should know that I would NEVER cheat on you because I love you with all my heart.
I thought it was so cute the first time you said I love you because I know you where trying so hard to let it out but you weren't sure when would be a good time it say it. You are so cute and romantic and I love all the things that you have done and that you do for me.
Each day that we are apart I think that it brings us closer together because it makes us think about each other. I hope we last a life time because I want to have a family with you. I seriously think that you would make a great husband, father and friend. If you think of us just remember to "let us burn!!" I love you with all my heart and I miss you so much right now. Please come home from California.
I have missed you today. I kept thinking of the security of your arms when you hold me, the wonderful flutter in the pit of my stomach when you look at me with loving eyes, the tender kisses that you leave on my skin as you leave in the morning.

There is just something about the autumn air that makes me feel at ease and open to love. It's hard to describe the emotion churning inside my body. It is like a delicate thunderstorm. With every kiss the storm gets stronger. The lightning strikes and my body yearns for you. The thunder roars and memories of your kiss, your touch, your taste... they all overwhelm me. All I can do is close my eyes for the few seconds that the memory lasts and savor it as it fades away.

Oh, I have missed you dearly today.

With the simplest kiss, you have made my heart soar and my body tingle with anticipation of your warmth.
I've never felt a hurt like this where it feels as though someone had stuck a knife through my heart. I can barely breathe knowing that I can't hold you, hug you, and kiss you. The fact that you are not within a distance to me that I can easily reach, hurts. I've missed you so badly the moment you were out of my sight. I choked on tears and could not manage to breathe. I do not know how I am going to live without you here to hold and to hold me.

I love you so much that neither words nor actions could express my feelings for you. I could spend the rest of my life describing how much I love you and it still would not come close to the way I really feel. I could die for you and it still could not possibly show my love and feelings for you in proportion to which I feel them.

Since after Christmas I had this sensation at the back of my mind and at the very pit of my stomach where it stayed so well hidden that I could not even acknowledge it. As Easter drew near, I could finally recognize the heavy feeling of dread. This feeling became more heavily embedded after Easter and as time went on, closer to my departure date, the sensation increasingly became more intense. Now my worst fears, my fears of losing you, have become a reality. And it hurts, it hurts like hell. I feel sick, I tremble, I cannot breathe, and tears constantly blur my vision. I do not know how to handle this pain - this knife in the heart feeling of loss. Without you I feel alone and cold. I feel so small and helpless. You cave my life, you made my whole and without you, I am nothing. The fears that I now have is that I will forget the little things, though I pray I never will. I am afraid that I will forget the way you feel, the way you taste, and your smell. The little things that I love so much, I am afraid that I will forget them. And I do not want to, I so do not want to.

Now I know why we are here. I know why we live. It's because once you find someone you love and care for so dearly, where you would give up anything and everything for them, you found purpose in your life that makes it worth living. You are my purpose and I do not know what to do without you. How a few hours could change a life! I continue to cry, and I will continue for a long time, and when my eyes cease to produce more tears, my heart will continue to cry for you every day, forever, because I will think of you every day, every hour, every second within a minute. I do not think I would prevent that if I wanted to. I cannot stop my heart from crying crimson tears of blood. And it does bleed. It bleeds because of the pain I feel from losing you. I know that I will never really lose you because you will always be in my heart, but that does not stop me from missing you. And feeling desperate with the need to hug and kiss you and be in your arms. That is where I wish I could stay forever, in your arms. My heart beats for you now and forever. Before, when I was with you, it beat happily, hopefully, but now it beats longingly. Longing to have you with me, and that longing cannot be easily or quickly smothered, and I do not want to smother it. You will always have a permanent place in my heart. I will never forget you, How could I? I need you more than anything. You are my life support.

Although I hate what has been done to us, being torn apart from one another, I will always be happy for the time I had you with me. I will treasure each moment in my heart and be thankful for the little, precious time we had together. I love you so much, so very much and I always will. Please do not forget that. It is important to me that you never forget that.

One image of us that I have found immense comfort in when I recall it is us on your bed. I am holding you, our bodies so close to each other that you could feel the beating of our hearts. You with one arm beneath my head and your other hand playing with my hair. Our legs are intertwined and you are telling me one of your stories. I miss you so much. And I know that it is only going to get worse with time, not better. I do not know if my heart will ever heal. It has been shattered too badly. God, I love you. I miss you so much. My life was lonely and cold. When I meet you, you caused the loneliness to vanish and melted the cold with your warmth and love. I can never repay the feeling you gave me with your love or the happiness you bring me, but I can, and will, love you with all my heart forever.
These words have not been written down in any particular order so it might be hard for you to understand what I am trying to say, but know this at least: without you, I feel hollow and unfinished. You complete me. I need you. I love you more than anything, more than myself.
It's been a while since I saw your pretty smile. I miss the way you would hold me and hug me when those sad times came around; I remember when I looked into your eyes, it was like fireworks in the skies. I'm missing you, so please don't pretend, this can't be the end.
You are an amazing man who takes everything I am insecure about and makes me feel beautiful. It's been so long since I saw you and knew what your hands and kiss felt like. I'm sure I will be fine. I'm just so excited and nervous all at the same time.
You tell me the first night was perfect. Every night we had together was perfect. We were together - that's what made it perfect. I promise you from this day forward you will never have to think of us not being together again. You have me forever or as long as you want me. Don't forget you have the key to my heart. 
The first day we allowed our true feelings to come out about each other, we feel asleep in each other's arms ... I never wanted it to be morning, where we would go our separate ways. I don't know how to describe my feelings, but all I know is I don't want them to go away. We both have been hurt in the past but maybe in our future we can be the ones who are faithful to each other. It has been 1 day since I've seen you and I can't stand being away this long ... I feel like I known you forever. Things are so good even though we are both shy about things, you make me feel so good and now I wear a smile on the inside and outside, because I know you are mine. 'Til tomorrow ... I miss you, Sweetheart.
Until you come home to me, every night I fall asleep with your loving letters and pictures beside me to keep me warm all night long. With a kiss upon your face, I gaze into the night dreaming of us, until the next moment I touch you.
It's been so long without you - I miss the times we had. You were always telling me how much you loved me and showing me your love in the perfect way, but I had to leave you my baby, for that I'm so sorry.

I hear that you haven't been so well since the last time we saw one another, and I hear that you still ask about me and send me "I love you's" through the air, I want you to know that they landed safely, Baby. I've sent you kisses and I hope that they hit the spot.

Well, I just wanted to let you know that you are never far from my heart or mind. I still love you and I will forever miss my Dave. Until God helps our paths to cross once more, I still love you. 
I open my eyes and expect to see your face, but see nothing except an empty space. There's nothing in this world that can compare to you. And over these past years I've come to conclude that I feel like I am nothing without someone like you.

Though we've broken each other's hearts, we've always come back to try again, But now this heart continues to break, with every moment you're away. I know you want to do what's right, but I need you here with me, in my life. All the promise's that you made ... remember you said one day you were going to make me your wife?

You've been gone for a while now. But I still want to know, how do you feel, when I'm not around? Is your heart really mine, or have all these years been wasted time? I don't mean to cry, I try to hold onto my pride, but when pictures are all I have, it gets hard sometimes. Every time I close my eyes I see your beautiful face. I don't know what to do; all I know is how much I am in love with you. And every day I'm going to continue to pray that you're going to come home to me someday, and all the promise's you made to me ... will come true. Until then, just know that I'm waiting here for you, that I miss you ... and this love that I feel is nothing but unconditional. 
I hope you are having a good day; I miss you and wish you were here with me. I was thinking about you and wanted you to know how much you are loved and missed.

Remember how I told you I have a million thoughts going through my head at every second of every day? Well, you are always my main thought and every other thought in my head revolves around you. I think of "our" new life together, every second of every day. I just want you to know that I do want to get married and I can't think of a better person to marry than you. I can't honestly tell you where I'd be right now if I didn't have you. Since I've met you, I've been so happy. If I don't have you, I have nothing, so why not fight for the only thing I do have that means anything at all! You are my world, you consume my every thought, word and whisper. You are there ... you are always there, and always will be. I will never let you go, I'd rather die first.

I've been alone my whole life and I'm tired of searching, I will look no further. If I can't be with you, I don't want to be with anyone. You complete me, there's no longer an empty, meaningless space. I thank you for that, for you will never know how much you mean or how much you are needed. You are the reason I get out of bed every day, you are the reason I have something to look forward to in my life. You are my every need and want. When I fantasize, I think of you, my every intimate thought consists of you. I hope you are as happy as I am. I would do anything to make you as happy as you've made me! Baby, you make my life worthwhile and you do it effortlessly, I love you now and forever.
I wish I could bring back time. I wish I could change the past. If only I could go back to the sweet old days when you were still mine, I would never have let you go. I let you slip from my very hands, and that was my biggest mistake. I was young when we fell in love, but you were my first love, and you will always have a special place in my heart.

You loved me for only a short time, but you loved her too, and that is the most painful feeling. Because you chose her over me when she couldn't give you the kind of love you deserved. I hurt so much that I could not gather the courage to tell you how I felt. What's amazing though, was that you could make me smile no matter how desperate and lonely I felt. On the outside I still had my sunny disposition; no one would have guessed how lost and numb I felt deep inside. You must have known how hard it was for me, but we both did not have the courage to discuss what each other was going through. You just made it clear and final, that you loved her. You have no idea how much I wanted to be her. I've always been content with myself, but damn, I wanted to be in her place.

Time slipped away and now we are walking different paths. Two years have passed by; a lot of changes have taken place. I've seen a lot of new faces, I've gone to a lot of different places, but that doesn't mean I don't think of you anymore. I think about you a lot, I think about what could have been if only I had the courage to stand up for what I felt. It could have made a difference. I let you go, so easily.

I want you back. I want you to know the woman I've now become. Despite all of the changes, I still manage to smile every time I see your picture, or whenever someone mentions your name. I'm still here for you. And if you ever get to read this letter, I want you to know that to me, you are beyond perfect. You were my first love and if only God could give me one last chance to win you back, even for just one last time, I want to be with you again.
I miss you, I really do. Even though I see you everyday, am with you at every moment, yet still I miss you. And when you think about it, how could you possibly miss someone constantly in your thoughts, in your dreams in your fantasies? I guess I still can't believe that you're here with me now at this moment ... God I'm blushing!

There are no words that can possibly explain how I feel right now, because in fact, I've never felt this before ... sounds so cliché doesn't it? But that's a fact that I can never hide just like the blush on my cheeks ... always visible manifestations of the love I feel inside.

I don't know if you'll read this; it doesn't really matter though, you're mine and that's what counts. 
I know we don't get to talk much anymore. But being in Florida doesn't change the way I feel about you in my heart. Sure I'm lonely, and sometimes I'm overwhelmed with this emptiness in my chest. But baby, I love you, in love with, and everything.

That's what gets me through every minute that I'm with out you. And baby, you don't know what I would give to kiss your lips, feel your touch, or even just to see you.

I don't care if you forget our first kiss, our first date, just as long as you remember that I love you with every aching bone in my body no matter what. 
At first you were just another face in the crowd ... just another nobody passing aimlessly by, until that fateful day when my eyes laid upon your beautiful face. It was like a ray of sunshine peaking through a cloudy sky. Until that day, I was in utter turmoil ... unhappy to even be alive. You showed me that there is still hope and love in this world. You made me realize that all things are still possible. Because of you I began to feel whole and alive. I now see beyond the clouds to a brighter and better day. I thank you for loving me and accepting my love in return. 
It's been two years since you asked me out and yet I still stare at you and ask myself, 'Can this perfect being really be mine?' The way you hold me, the way you make me laugh, the way you love me, it's beautiful. Thank you for the best two years of my life. I will always be your baby and I will always look to you for comfort and protection. Thank you for being mine!
I wanted to send you this letter to let you know that I'm thinking of you and love you very much. I'm very lucky to have such a wonderful man and I wanted to say thank you for changing my life.

Before you came along, I felt empty inside. You filled an empty void in my heart and I can never thank you enough for loving me unconditionally.

Brad, I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I want to wake up to you every morning. I want to hear you breathing while you're sleeping. You make my life complete and you make me feel like I can touch the sky a million times. You make me laugh and sometimes so hard I cry.
I feel blessed that God sent you to my doorstep many years ago. I can't wait until our work schedules change soon therefore we can spend more time together.
Brad, thank you for loving me completely with your heart and soul.
Before you came into my life, I had given up on ever finding my soul mate; the one person who could set my heart on fire with just one look. I thought that was the stuff of silly, dime store romance novels. Was I wrong!!! When you walked into the room that first night, sparks flew. Every time you touched me, brushed up against me, my heart stopped.

I fell in love with you the moment I looked into your eyes, but I was so afraid of letting you in and being hurt again. I'm so glad you didn't give up. I cannot imagine what my life would be without you. Falling asleep in your arms every night and waking up beside you each morning is how I want to spend the rest of my life. You are my everything... I love you so much. Every day that goes by, every time we make love, I fall deeper and deeper in love with you. I know there will never be anyone else for me, for everyone would pale in comparison to you and what you make me feel. Thank you, Sweetheart, for healing my broken heart. Thank you for making me believe in miracles.
Thanks for making my toes squirm, my heart flutter, my arms stronger from holding you. Thanks for making my life richer, and for continually inspiring me to do better and be a better person. I love you more than I could ever tell you.